c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.pdb
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q1.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Main.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.pdb
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q2.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q3.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q1.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q2.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q3.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q4.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q1.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q10.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q11.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q12.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q13.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q2.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q3.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q4.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q5.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q6.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q7.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q8.resources
c:\users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q9.resources
C:\Users\hk120027\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Cover.resources
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.config
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.SecretBox.resources
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.manifest
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.application
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.manifest
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.application
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\hk120027\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.config
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.manifest
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.application
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\bin\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.pdb
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Cover.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q1.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q2.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_A_Q3.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q1.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q2.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q3.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_B_Q4.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q1.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q10.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q11.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q12.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q13.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q2.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q3.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q4.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q5.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q6.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q7.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q8.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Form_C_Q9.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Main.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.SecretBox.resources
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe.manifest
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.application
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.exe
D:\Projects\ITEducationPlatform\ITEducationPlatform\obj\x86\Debug\ITEducationPlatform.pdb
